migrate FAQ (#108)
morloy/ledgy.com: src/markdown/help/getting-started.md

- Change access level: If the shareholder has an email address, they can see their investment in their portfolio. You can easily give them view-only or admin rights with a single click. If they’re already on Ledgy, they’ll be notified. If they’re not, you have to click _Invite_, see next point.
- Invite stakeholders: You can invite the shareholders that you’ve added with an email address to join Ledgy. Simply click on the invite button. You can see who already registered on Ledgy if they have a check mark instead of the invite button.

![](stakeholders.png)

##### Add new transactions

- Got to the transactions page.
- Click on _Add Transactions_ and choose the transaction you’d like to add. Fill in the required details and click on save.
- Once the transaction appears in the transactions list, you can also __attach the corresponding documents__ such as a legal contract:

![](attach-documents.png)

- Once you are done with adding all new transactions, click on the _Commit_ button (read on to find out why).

##### Commit your draft

> All the new transactions you’ve added will be saved as your new draft. Once you are done with adding them and are happy with it, you can hit the _Commit_ button to save your draft as your official transactions list. Don’t worry; you will be prompted to review your changes before confirming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the new transactions you’ve added will be saved as your new draft. New or modified transactions are marked in gray. The question-mark below the transaction number tells you what has changed. 

Once you are done with adding and editing transactions, you can hit the _Commit_ button to save your draft as your new official transactions list. Don’t worry; you will be prompted to review your changes before confirming and can still make changes to your transactions after committing.
```

- Change access level: If the shareholder has an email address, they can see their investment in their portfolio. You can easily give them view-only or admin rights with a single click. If they’re already on Ledgy they’ll be notified. If they’re not, you have to click _Invite_, see next point.
- Invite stakeholders: You can invite the shareholders that you’ve added with an email address to join Ledgy. Simply click on the invite button. You can see who already registered on Ledgy if they have a check mark instead of the invite button.

![](stakeholders.png)

##### Add new transactions

- Got to the transactions page.
- Click on _Add Transactions_ and choose the transaction you’d like to add. Fill in the required details and click on save.
- Once the transaction appears in the transactions list, you can also __attach the corresponding documents__ such as a legal contract:

![](attach-documents.png)

> - Once you are done with adding all new transactions click on the _Apply_ button (read on to find out why).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once you are done with adding all new transactions click on the _Commit_ button (read on to find out why).
```

##### Commit your draft

All the new transactions you’ve added will be saved as your new draft. Once you are done with adding them and are happy with it, you can hit the _Commit_ button to save your draft as your official transactions list. Don’t worry, you will be prompted to review your changes before confirming.

###### What does the _Commit_ button do?

> Two things:

Reviewer: A third thing would be 

_Saving a pdf snapshot of your new cap table and transactions. This creates an audit-trail for you for future due-diligences. The snapshot is even certified by the [blockchain notary](https://ledgy.com/help/faq). Of course you can delete this document if you don't want it._
